hi everyone so this is just a video to
pretty much say what the hell is wrong
with people I'll put a link to a video
that I'm talking about below because I
don't want to put it in this one it's
just too graphic and I don't want people
to see it my advice is if you're under
say 16 do not watch it it's horrible it
was a girl throwing little newborn
puppies into a river and I mean chucking
them halfway across the river into a
river and then she continues to do this
with about six puppies and laughs about
it but what is wrong with her I just
don't understand why you would do that
that is pet stores if you don't want the
puppies take into a pet store that you
know try and sell them put them in a box
with a free sign on it and stand there
and people will take them you do not
need to throw them into a goddamn ripper
I just this has made me really really
mad and sick to the stomach and I'm just
really pissed off right now and I just
needed to vent out o the video the link
will be below you can watch it if you
want it is very graphic it will make you
sick I just hope that this bitch drowns
and understands what those puppies went
through and I myself would love to throw
her off a bridge and then hold her head
under the water she is just horrible I
don't understand why someone would do
this
I'm just really frustrated right now if
you watch the video you'll know what I'm
talking about it is being posted on a
website it's not YouTube and it's been
posted on a website and I think that it
should be taken down because it's
horrible a few people have tweeted it I
found it through Twitter I'm not going
to say who posted it or anything like
that but she was just as pissed off and
when I talked about it other people are
just as pissed off as I am it's
ridiculous I just I just don't know why
anyone would do this and I can't
understand it which just frustrates me
more this girl would be about 14 15
years old she's got a bucket a bucket
full of puppies and he's throwing them
as how does she can into the river and
you can hear the puppies whimpering when
she picks them up roughly and just
throws them and then I want to know who
the sick bitch is that's behind the
camera that is recording this crap
because she is just as bad in my eyes
she needs to fucking drown as well it's
just discussing they're both sick little
people that need to be dealt with like
you know I hope I hope the police get a
hold of this and I hope that they can
find who did this and she gets punished
because it was disgusting behavior and
there is no excuse for it no reason for
it she's old enough to know what's wrong
and I want to know where the hell her
parents are and why the hell they're not
stopping her from doing this and if her
parents said she could do this I want to
drown them as well and I think they
should be in jail for animal cruelty
this is disgusting oh the chick behind
the camera chooses not to show her face
obviously because she has a little bit
of common sense and knows that if people
know who she is she's going to get her
ass beaten because when this little when
this girl gets found out and who she is
and people recognize her from their town
I'm pretty sure she's going to end up in
hospital because this is just some
screwed-up shit oh I don't even know
what to say like it just frustrates the
crap out of me that somebody would do
this you know there's plenty of places
that she could have put those puppies
not pegged them into a river oh just
hearing I just keep hearing the puppies
whimpering in my head um after watching
this video because they have no idea
what's going on they're getting picked
up roughly getting hurt and then they
just thrown and I mean they are thrown
there's a wide river and she is throwing
them at least halfway across the river
it's disgusting but yeah that's all i've
got to say on the matter because I'm
really frustrated and I'm just going to
get angry and angry out and swear too
much if I keep recording but links below
if you want to watch it um we warned
it's not a nice video is graphic it
makes you sick and if you're under 16
also I suggest that you don't watch it